hello this is Chris with creaky users
calm in the u.s. galaxy s3 com youtube
channel this should be one of the most
simplistic rude methods for the cricket
wireless galaxy s3 4g LTE device all
this is going to do is root the device
we already have our drivers installed
your best bet is to follow along the
thread while watching this video I've
gotten this debug FS roof generic method
and I've extracted it to the C Drive
I've already plugged in my galaxy s3 I
guess that I have drivers installed from
past as three devices will also have a
link to those go ahead and go down to
developer options you won't be able to
change USB debugging when your USB cord
is plugged in so go ahead and unplug it
enable USB debugging and back out and
then go to security and lock screen go
down to device administration and make
sure unknown voce unknown sources is
checked to allow installation of
non-market app so i can install super
user so if you go to your device manager
you should see the samsung android adb
device go ahead and run your command
prompt you can go into your search and
type CMD + enter this is a Windows 8
machine so it's a little bit different I
just going to search type in command you
would normally just go into the start
and that little search box that pops up
go ahead and type in CMD + Enter I'm
going to go ahead and get down to the
root but actually I placed it on my D
Drive so I'm going to go ahead and
change the directory to root temp that's
what I extracted it too
so now we're in this folder right here
we go ahead and run route debug FS this
is what we're left at it's a
multi-device root method by Sparky m3
and he also gives credit to miloge a for
the root method we'll go ahead and
select one root says you must install
your device specific drivers so that the
device is visible to a DB we've done
that for more directions please search
FCA forums press any key to continue
says go in and enable USB debugging
which we've done and you must enable
unknown sources so waiting for the
device to be detected push some files
over it says once the device has
finished restarting go ahead and press
any key to continue
so the device stabilize a little bit
give it the opportunity to reconnect to
the computer then go ahead and press any
key and then once again it says once
your device is finished restarting press
any key to continue we'll also be doing
another method which involves installing
a custom recovery and then flashing a
zip file that will give you root we do
want to prepare this device to be able
to take custom roms like cyanogenmod 10
when those are available again let the
device stabilize a little bit I already
see it in my device manager so it should
be good I'll press any key again and it
says root permissions successfully
granted to su binary you have root if
your apps don't recognize the root
access you may need to reboot your
device press any key to continue so
here's our brand new samsung galaxy s3
on cricket wireless 4g LTE capable
device that we just unbox or I Justin
box and it's already rooted to verify
this I'm going to go ahead and get ES
file explorer / file manager going to
install it and then we'll give it root
access
or granted root permissions I see we can
actually see our system folder so we'll
go into the settings just going to ask
us if we want grant permissions since I
didn't work right off the bat let's go
ahead and go into super user it might
prompt us to update the binaries hit
menu
tap this to check for updates
we were updated anyways go ahead click
allow go back to the file ES file
explorer back to the settings go ahead
and click that again will allow this
time I've allowed it to go up to root
and mount the file system in case we did
want to write something there now you
can see we have full access to go into
our system folder and see the build.prop
so if you want to use like titanium
backup or any other things they use root
this is a great method to root the
galaxy s3 for Cricket Wireless also
works on a handful of different devices
especially the whole s3 line it seems
like so for more information about this
and more please like this video and
subscribe to my youtube channel visit my
website Creek users com like my Facebook
page what really helps me a lot and
allows me to be able to obtain these
device this is and do these videos
there's a lot
you